Refactor runtime documentation and add hardened Docker installation guide (#7429)
All-Hands-AI/OpenHands: README.md

    docker.all-hands.dev/all-hands-ai/openhands:0.29
```

> [!WARNING]

> > The default Docker configuration above is designed for local development and binds to all network interfaces (0.0.0.0). 
> > For production or multi-user environments, see our [Hardened Docker Installation](https://docs.all-hands.dev/modules/usage/runtimes/docker#hardened-docker-installation) guide 
> > to secure your deployment by restricting network binding and implementing additional security measures.

Author: ```suggestion
> On a public network? See our [Hardened Docker Installation](https://docs.all-hands.dev/modules/usage/runtimes/docker#hardened-docker-installation) guide 
> to secure your deployment by restricting network binding and implementing additional security measures.
```
